Looks like I'm back in bikini bottom forever (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Knees weak, palms sweaty, all I want is mom's spaghetti (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Life is only a dream and we are the imagination of ourselves  (high quality), featured on Artstation.
We are small, temporary inhabitants of the ever expanding and omnipotent universe (high quality), featured on Artstation.
The vibrations could be felt in the deepest trenches of the ocean (high quality), featured on Artstation.
If i ever get lost in the universe, dont worry for much, because we are are energy, we never die but transform into another form in the universe (high quality), featured on Artstation.
The thing that haunts me the most is knowing that it was all my fault (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Grounded in the reality that we all inhabit a living conscious Universe, we can all take the journey to find inner knowledge, attain the goal of that knowledge, come back and transform ourselves, and then take action for the benefit of our own lives, the life of our species, and the life of the Earth. (high quality), featured on Artstation.
The universe has its spirit that allows the different functions of the universe (high quality), featured on Artstation.
The man in black fled across the desert, and the gunslinger followed (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Theory provides the maps that turn an uncoordinated set of experiments or computer simulations into a cumulative exploration (high quality), featured on Artstation.
The light in his life was actually a fire burning all around him (high quality), featured on Artstation.
There is something irreversible about acquiring knowledge; and the simulation of the search for it differs in a most profound way from the reality (high quality), featured on Artstation.
How much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood  (high quality), featured on Artstation.
GG @ShanksToYou, you just advanced to level 1! (high quality), featured on Artstation.
an arch of colours visible in the sky caused by the refraction and dispersion of the sun's light by rain or other water droplets in the atmosphere. (high quality), featured on Artstation.
The sky, at sunset, looked like a carnivorous flower (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Life is a full circle, it ends how it starts  (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Solana drake, keep going (high quality), featured on Artstation.
I sure hope they have cigarettes in hell (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Red dwarf was engulfed by the black hole  (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Cascades of waterfalls fell across the solar eclipse (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Inspiration can be overcome with brute force (high quality), featured on Artstation.
a huge collection of gas, dust, and billions of stars and their solar systems, all held together by gravity (high quality), featured on Artstation.
We have a universe within ourselves that mimics the universe outside (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Everybody has a little bit of the sun and moon in them (high quality), featured on Artstation.
No one exists without polarities Everybody has good and bad forces working with them, against them, and within them (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Rainbow bikini held together by gravity engulfed around a supermassive black hole  (high quality), featured on Artstation.
An ape among the stars (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Rugged by the bears (high quality), featured on Artstation.
For sale: dreams, never followed  (high quality), featured on Artstation.
My dog ate my homework (high quality), featured on Artstation.
Cratered surface of the moon (high quality), featured on Artstation.
